# AR-Research-Continued
This is a continuation of my first AR project

Personal safety apps that can be run on an individual’s cellular phone aim to provide the user with information that could impact their well-being based on their GPS location and external data sources. Crime data can be used to determine the safety of a neighborhood, but does this presentation of the data introduce racial or socioeconomic bias?   In previous work,  Augmented Reality (AR) technology was used to overlay relevant crime statistics from the open crime database provided by the Los Angeles Police Department.  This required careful consideration of the inherent bias in the crime data itself as well as the interpreted bias that might be introduced by the presentation of the data in the app.  Ultimately,  it was determined that the app might negatively impact personal safety due to the added distraction of the phone, and also the data-set was itself biased and therefore undoubtedly would introduce bias.  Here I extend that research into effective uses of AR to historical data related to police brutality in the Los Angeles area. The technical objective of this project was to design a mobile application that uses the geolocation provided by the user's cell phone along with AR recognition of historical landmarks to deliver historical data (primarily audio to reduce visual distractions) related to police brutality.  By presenting facts related to historical events rather than trying to determine the “safety” of areas, it is hoped to reduce the bias introduced by the developer/designer.  For this prototype, I focused on the Los Angeles area, and key events surrounding the Rodney King Riots spanning 20 years.  The goal is to design an experience that will inform users on how events are related in space and time and could be applied to other events and locales. 
